He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
She cried diamonds.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.